## Field type

customer_code: ""
employee_index: array
country: ""
sex: ""
age: ""
date_begin_contract: ""
new_customer_index: array
seniority: array
primary_at_month_end: array
last_date_as_primary: array
customer_type_begin_month: array
relation_type_begin_month: array
residence_index: ""
foreigner_index: ""
spouse_index: ""
join_channel: ""
deceased_index: ""
address_type: ""
province_code: array
province_name: ""
activity_index: array
gross_income: ""
segmentation: array
Saving_Account: array
Guarantees: array
Current_Accounts: array
Derivada_Account: array
Payroll_Account: array
Junior_Account: array
Mas_Particular_Account: array
Particular_Account: array
Particular_Plus_Account: array
Short_Term_Deposits: array
Medium_Term_Deposits: array
Long_Term_Deposite: array
E_Account: array
Funds: array
Mortgage: array
Pensions_1: array
Loans: array
Taxes: array
Credit_Card: array
Securities: array
Home_Account: array
Payroll: array
Pensions_2: array
Direct_Debit: array